Landing priority update (#147)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingMissions.md

(priority | minor | non-blocking)
```

> If a mission is marked with `priority`, only other "priority" missions can be offered alongside it, except, beginning in **v. 0.10.13**, missions marked `non-blocking`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a mission is marked with `priority`, only other "priority" missions and `non-blocking` missions can be offered alongside it.
```

Reviewer 2: This hasn't always been the behaviour; we still need to include the version number.

If a mission is marked with `minor`, it will be offered only if no other missions are being offered at the same time, except, beginning in **v. 0.10.11**, missions marked `non-blocking`.
In general, any mission that starts a completely new mission string, and that could instead be offered at a later date, should be marked "minor." Missions continuing a string should not be marked "minor."

Beginning in **v. 0.10.11**, if a mission is marked `non-blocking`, it will not prevent "minor" missions from offering alongside it. Any number of "non-blocking" missions may be offered at the same time as a "minor" mission, though no more than one "minor" mission will offer at a time. In **v. 0.10.13**, this was extended to also allow any number of "non-blocking" missions to offer alongside "priority" missions.

```html
(job | landing | assisting | boarding | shipyard | outfitter | "job board")
```

This specifies where this mission will be shown, if someplace other than the spaceport.

> * `job`: it will only appear on the job board (and only if the current planet matches the [source filter](#mission-location-filters)). Note that `job` missions do not run their `on offer` [action](#triggers) until they are accepted, but dialogs and conversation from the `on offer` will not appear. Place dialogs and conversations in the `on accept` action of a `job` mission instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `job`: it will only appear on the job board (and only if the current planet matches the [source filter](#mission-location-filters)). Note that `job` missions do not run their `on offer` [action](#triggers) until they are accepted, but dialogs and conversations from the `on offer` will not appear. Place dialogs and conversations in the `on accept` action of a `job` mission instead.
```
